Overall, I feel that Shroffin's language is such that we are not responsible. But everyone is like this. Can we do something different? We can tell them that we are not really responsible because we are third party. But we try a lot. We try to work within your maximum benefit. It's like... Shroffin... We do not approve sanction underwrite or disbursed language. Shroffin is not a bank, NBFC or letter. We are a platform that standardizes third party offerings into views that are easy for customers to comprehend. We do not approve sanction underwrite or disbursed loans. But what we try is we try our best from all the data we have and from all the interactions we get on what it might look like for the customer. How banks will disbursed loans for the customer. How banks will underwrite loans for the customer. We try our best to understand, to guide you in this financial... We are not taking responsibility. But we are telling them that we try our best to take the responsibility. But ultimately it's in your hands. Sometimes we say that we are very smart. Sometimes we say that we are very smart. Sometimes we say that we are very smart. Basically, the entire vibe given by the website so far is how we are there for the customers. An entire vibe given by the disclaimer is how we are not responsible for anything. So what I feel the vibe should be from the disclaimer is that although we are not responsible for anything, we genuinely feel it is in our responsibility to be true to our customer, to be honest to our customer, to work in the best interest of the customer. The language shouldn't feel like legally doing away with obligations. We are not responsible, we are not responsible. The language should feel like although legally we are not responsible, we try our best to make it so that you have the best way possible dealing with them. It is like as if you are dealing with a good lawyer. Lawyer is not responsible for what case or judge will decide. But a good lawyer is there by your side to guide you through that entire journey. Of course, he does not assume the responsibility of the decision, of the judgement. But a good lawyer inspires confidence in you. Even if you don't understand, we have to put our words into it. That's what you said. We have to always be AI compatible. AI native means we are also AI native. Everything we do is AI native. It's like agent is you. He is listening. An agent means we understand our emotions. Or we need to have a camera. That is truly AI native. You become AI native. Your life is compatible with an agent. Home run done. Time for a home page done.