How is it going? Yes, it is going. Yes, I am formatting it nicely. I have cracked all the Amazon links. You have to pay so much for a PM. When we searched, we thought, what is this Amazon link? The amount you have typed, you keep the normal font weight. The type that you are going to type, you keep the extra font weight. You have studied it well. Why? Should I give him a drop down? You can select it. You can also give me a minimum, a maximum. You have to give ranges. You select minimum. A maximum of 750. A maximum of 780. You don't know it. You have it in you. I have to give him both? Yes, you have to give him both. I want to know it accurately. Why are you doing this? You have to take one and drop it. You have to keep the minimum compulsive. We have to give a maximum of two. You can also recommend a maximum. Minimum if he gives 750, you have to give 750. And if he gives a maximum of 800, you have to give a range of 750 to 800. So when he gives a minimum of 750, he doesn't think that I have kept a minimum. Then the extra will come to me. Then he will give a maximum. Then I have to give a maximum? No, he will think that my rejection is more. If he thinks that my rejection is more, then he will give a limit. He will give a minimum. If he thinks that my rejection is more, then he will give a minimum of 760. If he gives a maximum of 760, then I have to give him only 760 and not give him a maximum. And if he gives a maximum, then I have to give him a maximum of 760. This is what I like. You don't need to know your exact Sibyl score. Do you remember anything? Yes, I had around 700. But it's okay. 680 to 700, I will give him. When he gives a maximum, he has to give a limit of 5. If he gives a maximum, if he gives a maximum of 760, then the maximum can be 700. In this case, we can't filter out what the rate is. We can't tell him. Because the bank tells us 775 to 780. But we have to show him only one rate. Which is the lowest rate? On which basis? Basically, if I give a maximum limit of 25, then our filter will be correct. Do you know something? If you show me I will bring that score. I have 3 months to go home. I will find someone to increase the score. Show me what is possible. Show me what is minimum. I can't increase it. I remember it was 700. Now it might be 680. I want to see 680. But I don't know how much it would be What I see is I will increase it by 20 points and my score will be correct. Then what will I do? I will give a loan for 6 months. And I will increase it by 20 points. Then the table will be empty. Otherwise, the rate will not be lower. The civil score will be 60. Yes. The repayment charge and the self-fund will be 300. The balance transfer will not change. No, no. I want 2 rates. I want 2 loans.