Just give me 9 minutes. 9 minutes? So, in this section, I found the problem that when you scroll up, you can see both the zeroes. And you don't know if the website is broken or not. So, if you have seen one zero, or if you have seen the first zero, zero commissions, and then the next zero and zero bias, and then the next sentence, that would be better. Or if there is nothing to show, you can explore. Somewhere, when I read the word commissions, I feel, instantly as a consumer, I don't know which commission I am talking about. I am talking about the commission that is taken from me. Which commission is this? But okay, when I thought, okay, the website that is taken from the bank is talking about commission. But okay. Now, the website that is taken from the bank, this is the context that I am going to cover. And I am saying, zero bias. So, which is the bias that is taken from the website and the bank? Then I feel, no, no, zero bias means, this is not going to push any bank. So, I have to switch What does this do? It doesn't make it easy to understand. Somewhere, it should be said that either this whole section is about website and bank, or this whole section is about website and customer. It should not be mixed in the context. So, there are two things. So, you get a fair view of every lender listed on a platform with non-ranked or pushed of another. So, we have to say that we don't take commission or we don't take any money from the bank. So, we don't have any bias to push the bank forward. The ranking we have is actually the ranking of customer benefit. The ranking is such that the bank is the one that gets the most benefit from the customer. And no one can change our ranking and give us money. In the last sentence, we have to say this. But what I feel is that every lender listed on a platform might have better wording. So, something like you get a fair view of all lenders in the market, ranked fairly. Or basically this sentence, the size of this sentence is very small. So, what we have to say is that fair view of every lender and no one's ranking has been changed or no one has been pushed forward. That means no one has been pushed forward. So, fair view of lenders and no one has been pushed forward. There is such a gist. At least in Shraddhan, in polished English, we have to convey this gist. We have to convey this. We have used polished English. Normal users will understand. Yes, polished English means we have to understand it but something like 96% or 98% conversation can be done in just 300 words in English. We don't have to use those big words. We have to understand Best of all, you can look through everything at your pace without spam calls, hard sell or push notifications. So, I want to ask you what is the significance of these three things? What is the difference between these three things? Spam call, hard sell. How is hard sell different? Hard sell. You didn't send the documents. You didn't send the documents. You didn't send the documents. They are hard sell. Push notifications means on WhatsApp it is pre-uploaded Spam calls are unnecessary calls. Spam call and hard sell are a bit intersected. Spam call is basically where we sell our data and those people call them. Basically, what we have to say from this section is that we don't make any urgency for any thing. We will bring you everything and you can do things at your pace. You won't get unnecessary calls or you won't have to sell anything. We won't send you notifications asking you to buy or sell. We will bring you everything and you can do it at your pace. Now, I have a concern that these four sections do we need these four sections? Can we trim some of these sections? Now, this section basically, so many people have read this text. In some forms, if we can show this journey of we completely re-engineered this home-run journey. We have to keep a title and in that part, we have to show three sections. In one section, the market is such that you can do a cross-examination. This information is unique. This information is unique. The hope is to make the first section much bigger. Basically, what is the total unique information? Re-engineered or home-run, this is the title. This is the comparability of the market. This is the unique information. You can see without knowing without giving up your information. Basically, we make you powerful or knowledgeable without taking anything in back, anything in return. And we make it easy for you. And we flip the game that you or the bank completes it for you. This is actually not a team point. This is not a team point. This is made comparable. You can take And then you apply and then complete it. We have standardized everything and put it in one section. You can take it completely and see. You don't give any information. And when you get it in one shot you give it to everyone and the bank will complete it for your business. This is definitely a coherent story. But the word or the sentence formation is not that coherent.