If your property value is 50 lakhs or 40 lakhs, then you have saved 5 lakhs. So, I will find a way to make it happen. I will take a small property. I will talk to the builder and make an agreement. I will give the rest in black. You told me that it takes more to sell than self-employed. I am a farmer. So, what I will do is I will put a company or I will join their company. And I will take a payslip from them. Basically, I have started doing this work by myself. If there is a salary, then how much will be my EMI? And how much will be my loan? If there is a civil score, then how much will be my loan? If there is an age, then how much will be my loan? And I have gathered intelligence with these tools. Instead, I want that if this company gives me that intelligence, Actually, sir, you just wait for 3 months. It will be like this. You can increase your credit score by 20 points or 5 points in 3 months. If you come to 700 out of 695, then everything becomes half and half healthy for you. You told me that actually you have a Hindu and divided family in your house. Combine your income in the name of your wife. And take the home loan in the name of your wife. You have 5 lakh rupees in your net net. So, I want it like this. The Indian mentality is that today, don't tell me about my loan. You tell me how will I get my maximum amount of money? You tell me what do you want? What do you want in your monthly income when you don't get my money? What do you want in your age? So, I have gathered intelligence. For this Indian mentality, For this, I need to help this website in some form. I was thinking that maybe our 7 unique points at the beginning, there can be an 8th unique point. We don't use market research. We suggest you hacks. Where you can save your maximum money. Basically, there is a profit curve. That you can do so much more with so much effort. I want to know all the hacks. And my overall tool usage will be like this. If I am thinking about my home loan today, I don't have any idea that I want to take home loan tomorrow. That's why these are my exact details. Tell me what offer you will get today. Actually, I am thinking about taking home loan. I am thinking about taking home loan. No matter where, How can I do my best in these parameters? The one who will make me feel comfortable with the home loan. I need to know this. When I was a lawyer, The person who is thinking about my benefit. He would have told me. Sir, actually, if you stay for 3 months, Then you can set up your wife like this. Take her salary. Take her rent. If you take her rent properly, Then you will get a 1% discount. The hacks that lawyers have suggested me. That you don't have to go home so much. You do like this, you do like that. The one who will give you 6 lakh rupees. 10 lakh rupees. I need to know these hacks with this tool or this short film. And... First of all, I need to know that This tool... I need to know such hacks. I need to get such intelligence. The one who doesn't think that I need to give different inputs to these tools. To see what I actually know. Yes, so fine. I think Indians have to do this kind of work. Who is going to come and say, I want to take a loan tomorrow. These are the parameters. I want the quickest loan. I have to take it cold. Who is going to come and say, This is a home loan. I am going to take it twice or thrice in my life. I am going to take it comfortably. In some form, we should be conveying this from the beginning. That in your minimum efforts, You can save maximum money. Which can fit in the Pareto curve. We are going to tell you all this. Because of this, The one who is going to use this tool, He won't feel scared. Meaning he won't feel like using this tool To take out his intelligence. The complete discussion of the Sibyl score Whether to keep minimum or maximum. Or whatever we were thinking. I think let it go. Keep only one Sibyl score. And finally, You have to put 750 to the user. Put 750 and see. And he thinks it is 780. Where have we caught him? He will go and put 780. And he will see again what values he doesn't have. That's fine. I think we should put that in the final. But this place is empty. If there is a lawyer, The lawyer has suggested me. What I am going to do here, If I have this tool, I am going to try to hack this tool. That only if I increase 20 scores, This will happen. If I take it by the name of my wife, That will happen. If I take it by the name of my wife, If I take it by the name of my husband, That will happen. And if I show my salary as a self-employed, That will happen. And for 6 months, I will be ready to do that. Because in the long term, I will save a few lakh rupees. And potentially, I will not be able to save that much in a year. So it will be worth for me to give a year. And actually save that much money. For the majority of the Indians, It will be true. Those who are special to the rural, Those who do not show their income, Those who do not show their income, Those who are in the cash, They do not have Salary Slip. And we should definitely help them. They should say that, If you actually take Salary Slip, It will be very beneficial for you. You wait for 4 months, Do a job, And take Salary Slip from there. And take it to us. It will cost you 5 lakh rupees. This, If we tell them, Then I feel that our tool Will genuinely help a lot. Or else, We have to sit in this interface. But in this interface, Do you know what the problem is? The things below, They get approximated. And then, When this is approximated, Then we will be able to save money. Then, Then, Then, Then,