So this is a review of the website between two co-founders, 15th August, 2026, and we are looking for every issue that we find over here. First thing I see in this top block, which has the Get a Fair View of Home Loans, this text, is that the amount of spacing above this text and below the CBE is not even. It should feel like the text and the button are in the center of this entire block. Your video looks good, video view code, video padding, everything looks good. This is our photo, isn't it? In this section, I like the coherence of the story. We have completely re-engineered your journey. The entire market sits so you can compare. You can decide before giving your phone number, and you pick and they complete for you. I like this. But I feel we can convey the same amount of information using a lot less words by keeping the English polished still, and also by consuming a lot less context or brain power of the consumer that is reading it. So somewhere, what I feel is a sentence shouldn't be too complex in a way that it has multiple phrases. It should be simple, one subject, one predicate as much as possible. So if you look from that lens at all these sentences, we can definitely optimize quite a bit over here. The first sentence looks good to me. We've completely re-engineered your home-grown journey. Now the entire market sits in one standardized view build so you can cross-examine. This can be simplified a lot. Something like, see the entire market in one comparable view. We have something like one standardized view that helps you compare rates, rules, and fine print across the entire market. The next one, you can look through every lender before you give your phone number or email. So this before you give your phone number sounds a bit crude to me. This can become polished English as well. Something like before we ask you for your details or before you are asked to surrender your contact information. Before you need to give up some information or something of that sort. And the next sentence, you pick your banks, apply once to all of them, and they compete for you. Again, it fails my test of being a simple sentence. So an example of a simple sentence here would be, choose your pick and apply in one shot, let them compete for you. Pick your banks and apply in one shot, and let them compete for you. Apply in one shot to your entire selection, and let them compete for you. Something of this sort. I have noticed one more issue. I keep scrolling, but it takes me a bit of time. No, there is no such problem. There is no such problem with scrolling. It is just a matter of time. So... We have to do it this way. We have to act as a cursor. We have to act as a phone. Yes, we have to act as a text. Transparent like never before, I like this. So you find what works for you, I don't think it adds so much value. And with no surprises, I don't think it adds any value at all. Let's find some sentences that add value, or let's skip this section entirely, or redesign this section. When I scrolled down to this section, I saw two zeros on the screen. And I had no context of what is going to come up. In fact, I felt that the website was broken. So either it can be zero commissions that appears first. And zero bias that appears later. Or it can be just the first zero that appears first. And then as I scroll down, commissions. And then as I scroll down, even more bias. Or something of that sort. Zero commissions, zero bias. So you get a fair view of every lender listed on our platform. I definitely like the whole intent of this page, which is to showcase that we are an independent platform. We don't take commissions from anyone to push them. And we don't have inherent bias towards any bank. But this zero commissions, I don't think it comes across easily to the customer. I don't think as a customer, I will easily understand what commission means over here. I might feel like a customer has to pay no commission. As a customer, I might feel like they are asking no commission from me. Instead of thinking that they are earning no commission from the bank. So I want some change of words over here. Zero bias sounds good, but it should apply in the same context. So zero commissions from the perspective of website to bank. And zero bias from the perspective of website to customer. But perspective should not shift. The perspective, largely we want the perspective of website talking to the customer. So keeping this perspective in mind, customer will always while reading the website, think that the website is talking to them. Now keeping that constant, how do we show that website does not earn anything? Website has no bias and website does not push anything. Find better words or better structure or better way to imply the same. Without letting the customer know that how do they earn? So that they don't question how they are earning. Why? What is the problem? Most of the people think that we don't earn, then how do we earn? After hearing this, we don't earn anything, we don't believe that how do we earn? So without trust, we earn. Sometimes companies earn. If they don't think so, then how do they earn? Do you earn for free? They don't think so. Otherwise, how do they earn money? Do they sell data? I think they have some kind of trust. I had kept that in mind. There is no word for pay on the listed platform. That we don't have to pay the bank. There can be zero commission, zero pay cuts.